Aries
The Issue: As a fire sign, it will be important for you to focus on issues involving rising temperatures on our planet. Specifically, it would be a great idea for you to look into how heating and cooling systems are a factor of global warming.
Traits: active, leading, and initiating
How to help: Check out the International Energy Agency (IEA), where they collect and analyze data from all around the world to check energy efficiency. They advise governments on implementing and measuring the impacts of their policies and provide information on global progress. 

Taurus
The Issue: As an earth sign, it will be important for you to focus on issues involving animal and plant species. Specifically, it would be a great idea for you to look into how landfill plastics are affecting our planet. 
Traits: stubborn, down-to-earth, and stable
How to help: Check out the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), where they provide lots of basic information about how landfills work and what we can do to limit our impact in how we dispose of our trash. A good place to start is by making sure you recycle whenever possible and by looking for products that don’t use much plastic.

Gemini
The Issue: As an air sign, it will be important for you to focus on issues involving air pollution. Specifically, it would be a great idea for you to look at how factories negatively impact air quality. 
Traits: responsive, changeable, and versatile
How to help: Check out the Earth Justice organization to find information on how factories are affecting air quality and what we can do to limit these damages. A good place to start is by researching companies and their work ethic to see if they take steps in reducing their carbon footprint. 

Cancer
The Issue: As a water sign, it will be important for you to focus on issues involving water pollution. Specifically, it would be a great idea for you to look at how plastic and microplastics are affecting aquatic life. 
Traits: gentle, contemplative, and nurturing
How to help: Check out the Clean Seas organization, where they aim to engage governments and the general public in the fight against marine plastic pollution. A good place to start is by reducing single-use plastics and recycling plastics whenever possible. 

Leo
The Issue: As a fire sign, it will be important for you to focus on issues involving rising temperatures on our planet. Specifically, it would be a great idea for you to look at how wildfires are contributing to the rise of our global temperatures. 
Traits: authoritative, generous, and open
How to help: Check out the Union of Concerned Scientists, where they are studying how wildfires are destroying our forests, increasing the carbon footprint, and thus contributing greatly to the global rise in temperatures. While it might seem like a lot as a single person to have a positive impact on wildfires, looking at and avoiding organizations that use wildfires for agricultural or infrastructure purposes would be a good place to start. 

Virgo
The Issue: As an earth sign, it will be important for you to focus on issues involving animal and plant species. Specifically, it would be a great idea to look at how the decline of bees is contributing to the decrease in wildlife and crops. 
Traits: reserved, helpful, and conscientious 
How to help: Check out the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) of the UN to find information on how much bees impact our food and agriculture. The FAO provides information on what plants could increase bee pollination, by planting “bee gardens” or gardens that give bees necessary nutrients to survive.

Libra
The Issue: As an air sign, it will be important for you to focus on issues involving air pollution. Specifically, it would be a great idea for you to look at how airplanes are contributing to declining air quality and their carbon footprint.
Traits: accommodating, indecisive, and artistic
How to help: Check out the Environmental Defense Fund (EDF) to find information on how aviation impacts the climate. A good place to start would be searching for flight companies that focus on maintaining energy efficient aircraft, aiming to reduce their carbon footprint. It will also be good to see what flight companies are using as alternatives, like lower-carbon fuels, and seeing if other companies are following suit. 

Scorpio
The Issue: As a water sign, it will be important for you to focus on issues involving water pollution. Specifically, it would be a great idea for you to look at how the effects of thermal pollution affect water systems.
Traits: passionate, resourceful, and determined
How to help: Check out the organization Conserve Energy Future, who work to combat the effects of pollution. A good place to start would be to learn how thermal pollution affects local water systems and what practices cause thermal pollution. 

Sagittarius
The Issue: As a fire sign, it will be important for you to focus on issues involving rising temperatures on our planet. Specifically, it would be a great idea for you to look into how glaciers are melting and how its affecting the people who live in these areas.
Traits: optimistic, adventurous, and honest
How to help: Check out the National Snow & Ice Data Center (NSIDC) to find information on how the warming temperatures are impacting glaciers and what that means. A good place to start would be by gathering information on how glaciers and global warming relate and by relaying that information to your peers. 

Capricorn
The Issue: As an earth sign, it will be important for you to focus on issues involving animal and plant species. Specifically, it would be a great idea for you to look into how animal agriculture contributes to greenhouse gas emissions.
Traits: disciplined, ambitious, and constant
How to help: Check out the organization Climate Nexus, who are studying the impact of animal agriculture on climate change. A good place to start would be lowering this industry’s greenhouse gas emissions by learning how to replace animal products with plants in a healthy diet.

Aquarius
The Issue: As an air sign, it will be important for you to focus on issues involving air pollution. Specifically, it would be a great idea for you to look at how mining negatively impacts air quality.
Traits: humanitarian, inventive, and independent
How to help: Check out the International Council on Mining & Metals, an organisation dedicated to making mining safe and sustainable. A good place to start would be to learn how mining contributes to greenhouse gas emissions due to the use of fossil fuels for energy.

Pisces
The Issue: As a water sign, it will be important for you to focus on issues involving water pollution. Specifically, it would be a great idea for you to look at how the effects of climate change is impacting the ocean’s coral reefs.
Traits: sympathetic, perceptive, and intuitive
How to help: Check out the Coral Reef Alliance, a non-profit aimed at reducing threats to the world’s coral reefs and furthering scientific understanding of how climate change directly affects coral reefs. A good place to start is to begin to understand how our purchasing habits affect the ocean’s ecosystem.